https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Aruba
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic Republic of Afghanistan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Angola
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Anguilla
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Åland Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Albania
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Principality of Andorra
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/United Arab Emirates
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Argentine Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Armenia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/American Samoa
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Antarctica
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Territory of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Antigua and Barbuda
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth of Australia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Austria
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Azerbaijan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Burundi
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Belgium
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Benin
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Burkina Faso
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/People's Republic of Bangladesh
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Bulgaria
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Bahrain
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth of the Bahamas
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Bosnia and Herzegovina
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Collectivity of Saint Barthélemy
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Belarus
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Belize
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Bermuda
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Plurinational State of Bolivia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federative Republic of Brazil
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Barbados
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Nation of Brunei, Abode of Peace
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Bhutan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Bouvet Island
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Botswana
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Central African Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Canada
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Territory of the Cocos (Keeling) Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Swiss Confederation
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Chile
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/People's Republic of China
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Côte d'Ivoire
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Cameroon
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic Republic of the Congo
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of the Congo
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Cook Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Colombia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Union of the Comoros
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Cabo Verde
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Costa Rica
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Cuba
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Country of Curaçao
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Territory of Christmas Island
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Cayman Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Cyprus
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Czech Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal Republic of Germany
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Djibouti
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth of Dominica
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Denmark
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Dominican Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/People's Democratic Republic of Algeria
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Ecuador
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Arab Republic of Egypt
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/State of Eritrea
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Spain
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Estonia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Finland
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Fiji
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Falkland Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/French Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Faroe Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federated States of Micronesia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Gabonese Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Georgia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Bailiwick of Guernsey
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Ghana
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Gibraltar
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Guinea
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Guadeloupe
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of the Gambia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Guinea-Bissau
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Equatorial Guinea
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Hellenic Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Grenada
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Greenland
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Guatemala
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Guiana
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Guam
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Co-operative Republic of Guyana
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Heard Island and McDonald Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Honduras
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Croatia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Haiti
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Hungary
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Indonesia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Isle of Man
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of India
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/British Indian Ocean Territory
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Ireland
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic Republic of Iran
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Iraq
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Iceland
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/State of Israel
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Italian Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Jamaica
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Bailiwick of Jersey
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Japan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Kazakhstan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Kenya
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kyrgyz Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Cambodia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent and Sovereign Republic of Kiribati
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federation of Saint Christopher and Nevisa
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Korea
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Kosovo
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/State of Kuwait
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Lao People's Democratic Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Lebanese Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Liberia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/State of Libya
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint Lucia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Principality of Liechtenstein
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Lesotho
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Lithuania
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Grand Duchy of Luxembourg
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Latvia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Macao Special Administrative Region of the People's Republic of China
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint Martin
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Morocco
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Principality of Monaco
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Moldova
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Madagascar
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of the Maldives
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/United Mexican States
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of the Marshall Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of North Macedonia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Mali
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Malta
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of the Union of Myanmar
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Montenegro
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Mongolia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Mozambique
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic Republic of Mauritania
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Montserrat
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Martinique
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Mauritius
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Malawi
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Malaysia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Department of Mayotte
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Namibia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/New Caledonia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Niger
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Territory of Norfolk Island
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal Republic of Nigeria
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Nicaragua
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Niue
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of the Netherlands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Norway
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal Democratic Republic of Nepal
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Nauru
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/New Zealand
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Sultanate of Oman
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic Republic of Pakistan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Panama
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Pitcairn Group of Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Peru
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of the Philippines
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Palau
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent State of Papua New Guinea
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Poland
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Commonwealth of Puerto Rico
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic People's Republic of Korea
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Portuguese Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Paraguay
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/State of Palestine
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/French Polynesia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/State of Qatar
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Réunion Island
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Romania
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Russian Federation
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Rwanda
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Saudi Arabia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of the Sudan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Senegal
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Singapore
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Svalbard og Jan Mayen
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Solomon Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Sierra Leone
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of El Salvador
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Most Serene Republic of San Marino
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Federal Republic of Somalia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint Pierre and Miquelon
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Serbia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of South Sudan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic Republic of São Tomé and Príncipe
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Suriname
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Slovak Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Slovenia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Sweden
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Eswatini
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Sint Maarten
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Seychelles
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Syrian Arab Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Turks and Caicos Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Chad
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Togolese Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Thailand
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Tajikistan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Tokelau
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Turkmenistan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Democratic Republic of Timor-Leste
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Kingdom of Tonga
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Trinidad and Tobago
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Tunisian Republic
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Turkey
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Tuvalu
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of China (Taiwan)
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/United Republic of Tanzania
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Uganda
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Ukraine
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/United States Minor Outlying Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Oriental Republic of Uruguay
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/United States of America
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Uzbekistan
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Vatican City State
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Bolivarian Republic of Venezuela
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Virgin Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Virgin Islands of the United States
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Socialist Republic of Vietnam
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Vanuatu
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Territory of the Wallis and Futuna Islands
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Independent State of Samoa
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Yemen
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of South Africa
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Zambia
https://wikipedia.org/wiki/Republic of Zimbabwe
